There are ten people participating in the pencil exchange: Hiroshi, Beatrix, Rosalind, Priya, Oleg, Ingrid, Gwendolyn, Farhan, Bartholomew and Marguerite. At timestep 0, their initial pencil holdings are as follows: Hiroshi holds 2 pencils, Beatrix holds 11 pencils, Rosalind holds one pencil, Priya holds 1 pencil, Oleg holds eighteen pencils, Ingrid holds 2 pencils, Gwendolyn holds 1 pencil, Farhan holds three pencils, Bartholomew holds 3 pencils and Marguerite holds 8 pencils. At timestep 1, Hiroshi donated two pencils to Beatrix. Beatrix let Hiroshi have 12 pencils. At timestep 2, Beatrix dropped 1 pencil into Hiroshi's bag. Hiroshi transferred thirteen pencils to Beatrix. At timestep 3, Beatrix dropped three pencils into Hiroshi's bag. At timestep 1, Farhan let Oleg have one pencil. Ingrid let Marguerite have two pencils. Rosalind passed one pencil to Priya. Priya gave 2 pencils to Ingrid. Bartholomew gave 1 pencil to Oleg. Marguerite gave nine pencils to Ingrid. Oleg let Gwendolyn have 3 pencils. At timestep 4, Beatrix transferred ten pencils to Hiroshi. At timestep 2, Oleg handed 8 pencils over to Marguerite. Oleg handed 5 pencils over to Gwendolyn. Farhan donated two pencils to Bartholomew. Ingrid donated 6 pencils to Oleg. Ingrid gave 3 pencils to Bartholomew. At timestep 5, Hiroshi dropped 11 pencils into Beatrix's bag. Beatrix sent 2 pencils to Hiroshi. At timestep 6, Hiroshi donated 2 pencils to Beatrix. At timestep 3, Bartholomew sent six pencils to Oleg. Marguerite dropped six pencils into Priya's bag. Priya passed 1 pencil to Oleg. Ingrid handed two pencils over to Gwendolyn. Priya handed five pencils over to Oleg. Bartholomew donated 1 pencil to Priya. Marguerite transferred 2 pencils to Farhan. Oleg handed 5 pencils over to Ingrid. At timestep 4, Ingrid sent two pencils to Priya. Farhan let Ingrid have 1 pencil. Priya passed 1 pencil to Marguerite. Oleg gave 6 pencils to Bartholomew. Marguerite passed 2 pencils to Farhan. Farhan handed 2 pencils over to Rosalind. Ingrid transferred four pencils to Farhan. At timestep 7, Hiroshi handed 2 pencils over to Beatrix. At timestep 8, Beatrix transferred four pencils to Hiroshi. At timestep 9, Hiroshi donated 1 pencil to Beatrix. At timestep 5, Gwendolyn donated 8 pencils to Priya. Rosalind passed 2 pencils to Bartholomew. Bartholomew passed 3 pencils to Marguerite. Bartholomew gave three pencils to Rosalind. Marguerite dropped 3 pencils into Farhan's bag. At timestep 10, Hiroshi gave three pencils to Beatrix. At timestep 6, Farhan transferred 8 pencils to Oleg. At timestep 7, Rosalind passed three pencils to Oleg. Priya let Rosalind have 8 pencils. Rosalind dropped 3 pencils into Marguerite's bag. Priya handed two pencils over to Bartholomew. At timestep 8, Gwendolyn transferred 3 pencils to Ingrid. Ingrid sent 3 pencils to Gwendolyn. Bartholomew transferred two pencils to Rosalind. Oleg gave eleven pencils to Rosalind. At timestep 9, Rosalind gave 3 pencils to Oleg. Rosalind donated 6 pencils to Marguerite. At timestep 10, Oleg handed three pencils over to Farhan. Marguerite dropped 8 pencils into Gwendolyn's bag. Oleg transferred 8 pencils to Marguerite. Farhan donated 1 pencil to Priya. Rosalind transferred 7 pencils to Bartholomew. Oleg gave two pencils to Gwendolyn. Gwendolyn sent 12 pencils to Marguerite. Rosalind dropped 1 pencil into Bartholomew's bag.