There are 25 people participating in the pencil exchange: Gwendolyn, Mateo, Rosalind, Joaquin, Lorenzo, Kavitha, Nadia, Desmond, Bartholomew, Wesley, Anika, Theodora, Harriet, Sanjay, Clementine, Ingrid, Isadora, Valentina, Gustavo, Ximena, Arjun, Yusuf, Beatrix, Jamal and Quentin. At timestep 0, their initial pencil holdings are as follows: Gwendolyn holds 1 pencil, Mateo holds 1 pencil, Rosalind holds 3 pencils, Joaquin holds 1 pencil, Lorenzo holds 3 pencils, Kavitha holds sixteen pencils, Nadia holds 8 pencils, Desmond holds 4 pencils, Bartholomew holds six pencils, Wesley holds one pencil, Anika holds 1 pencil, Theodora holds 7 pencils, Harriet holds two pencils, Sanjay holds nine pencils, Clementine holds ten pencils, Ingrid holds 4 pencils, Isadora holds 1 pencil, Valentina holds four pencils, Gustavo holds five pencils, Ximena holds 2 pencils, Arjun holds five pencils, Yusuf holds 11 pencils, Beatrix holds nine pencils, Jamal holds four pencils and Quentin holds seven pencils. At timestep 1, Ximena gave 2 pencils to Gustavo. Clementine let Gustavo have 6 pencils. Isadora donated one pencil to Valentina. Valentina handed 3 pencils over to Clementine. Clementine handed two pencils over to Ximena. Ingrid dropped one pencil into Clementine's bag. At timestep 1, Anika sent 1 pencil to Theodora. Theodora dropped 7 pencils into Anika's bag. At timestep 1, Lorenzo sent one pencil to Rosalind. Mateo donated one pencil to Rosalind. Bartholomew handed 2 pencils over to Desmond. Wesley dropped 1 pencil into Kavitha's bag. Kavitha donated 4 pencils to Nadia. At timestep 2, Rosalind sent three pencils to Kavitha. Joaquin transferred 1 pencil to Lorenzo. Nadia dropped five pencils into Desmond's bag. Desmond handed five pencils over to Lorenzo. Bartholomew gave 3 pencils to Gwendolyn. Nadia passed 2 pencils to Wesley. Nadia handed four pencils over to Mateo. Desmond dropped 1 pencil into Lorenzo's bag. At timestep 3, Nadia handed 1 pencil over to Lorenzo. Gwendolyn let Bartholomew have 3 pencils. Wesley donated one pencil to Mateo. Lorenzo dropped six pencils into Bartholomew's bag. Mateo dropped 3 pencils into Desmond's bag. Kavitha transferred five pencils to Lorenzo. Mateo gave two pencils to Wesley. Rosalind handed 1 pencil over to Kavitha. At timestep 4, Rosalind donated 1 pencil to Nadia. Lorenzo handed six pencils over to Kavitha. Nadia dropped 1 pencil into Joaquin's bag. Wesley sent 1 pencil to Kavitha. Gwendolyn passed 1 pencil to Mateo. Mateo sent 1 pencil to Bartholomew. Bartholomew donated three pencils to Gwendolyn. At timestep 2, Theodora passed 1 pencil to Anika. Anika sent three pencils to Theodora. At timestep 2, Ingrid dropped 2 pencils into Isadora's bag. At timestep 3, Anika transferred five pencils to Theodora. Theodora let Anika have 7 pencils. At timestep 3, Ximena donated one pencil to Gustavo. At timestep 4, Ingrid let Ximena have one pencil. Isadora transferred one pencil to Clementine. Ximena gave 1 pencil to Gustavo. Ximena let Clementine have 1 pencil. At timestep 5, Gustavo sent seven pencils to Ximena. At timestep 4, Theodora gave one pencil to Anika. At timestep 5, Desmond passed 8 pencils to Kavitha. Lorenzo donated 1 pencil to Bartholomew. Lorenzo donated 1 pencil to Kavitha. Gwendolyn gave one pencil to Nadia. Gwendolyn sent 1 pencil to Nadia. Lorenzo dropped one pencil into Gwendolyn's bag. Nadia let Mateo have 1 pencil. Wesley handed 2 pencils over to Desmond. Desmond sent two pencils to Bartholomew. At timestep 6, Isadora passed one pencil to Ingrid. Clementine sent four pencils to Gustavo. Clementine handed four pencils over to Valentina. At timestep 7, Ximena let Valentina have two pencils. Gustavo handed 5 pencils over to Ximena. At timestep 1, Yusuf let Quentin have nine pencils. Jamal passed 3 pencils to Yusuf. Beatrix let Quentin have 8 pencils. At timestep 8, Gustavo sent five pencils to Isadora. Isadora transferred three pencils to Valentina. Valentina handed 5 pencils over to Ximena. Valentina dropped 5 pencils into Ingrid's bag. Ingrid let Ximena have 3 pencils. At timestep 2, Quentin sent 18 pencils to Jamal. Yusuf let Quentin have 1 pencil. At timestep 5, Anika let Theodora have 7 pencils. At timestep 6, Anika sent 1 pencil to Theodora. Theodora donated five pencils to Anika. At timestep 6, Gwendolyn gave two pencils to Mateo. Joaquin sent one pencil to Nadia. Nadia transferred 2 pencils to Bartholomew. Bartholomew donated 3 pencils to Rosalind. At timestep 7, Kavitha transferred 24 pencils to Lorenzo. Mateo transferred two pencils to Wesley. Mateo handed 1 pencil over to Lorenzo. Kavitha let Gwendolyn have one pencil. Gwendolyn transferred one pencil to Nadia. Rosalind sent one pencil to Bartholomew. Wesley passed two pencils to Bartholomew. At timestep 3, Yusuf transferred three pencils to Arjun. Arjun passed 7 pencils to Jamal. Beatrix gave 1 pencil to Jamal. At timestep 4, Jamal transferred 22 pencils to Quentin. Yusuf let Jamal have one pencil. Jamal sent two pencils to Beatrix. At timestep 9, Isadora gave one pencil to Ximena. At timestep 10, Isadora let Clementine have one pencil. Clementine transferred one pencil to Isadora. Ximena sent 7 pencils to Isadora. Ingrid transferred 3 pencils to Valentina. Isadora gave 2 pencils to Valentina. At timestep 8, Kavitha gave one pencil to Nadia. At timestep 9, Bartholomew passed 6 pencils to Mateo. Nadia gave one pencil to Joaquin. Rosalind dropped one pencil into Mateo's bag. Mateo dropped three pencils into Rosalind's bag. Joaquin handed 1 pencil over to Bartholomew. Kavitha sent one pencil to Bartholomew. Bartholomew handed 9 pencils over to Joaquin. At timestep 5, Arjun let Jamal have 1 pencil. Quentin handed 24 pencils over to Beatrix. Quentin handed one pencil over to Beatrix. At timestep 7, Anika let Theodora have 1 pencil. Theodora let Anika have two pencils. At timestep 10, Kavitha handed 1 pencil over to Gwendolyn. Gwendolyn gave 1 pencil to Bartholomew. Bartholomew handed one pencil over to Mateo. Lorenzo donated 4 pencils to Desmond. Mateo let Bartholomew have 5 pencils. Bartholomew passed 3 pencils to Wesley. Wesley transferred 2 pencils to Nadia. Rosalind passed three pencils to Bartholomew. Bartholomew sent four pencils to Nadia. At timestep 8, Anika transferred 2 pencils to Theodora. Anika transferred 4 pencils to Theodora. At timestep 9, Theodora donated 7 pencils to Anika. At timestep 10, Theodora sent 1 pencil to Anika. At timestep 6, Jamal sent 2 pencils to Beatrix. Beatrix passed 21 pencils to Quentin. Jamal transferred two pencils to Quentin. Quentin passed 16 pencils to Jamal. Quentin handed 6 pencils over to Jamal. At timestep 11, Anika dropped 5 pencils into Theodora's bag. Theodora transferred 5 pencils to Anika. At timestep 7, Quentin let Jamal have four pencils. Beatrix donated three pencils to Jamal. Jamal sent thirty pencils to Arjun. Arjun sent 24 pencils to Yusuf. Arjun handed three pencils over to Jamal. At timestep 12, Anika dropped 1 pencil into Theodora's bag. At timestep 13, Anika sent four pencils to Theodora. At timestep 11, Nadia sent six pencils to Gwendolyn. Wesley passed 1 pencil to Desmond. Desmond handed 2 pencils over to Wesley. Bartholomew passed 1 pencil to Wesley. Lorenzo gave fifteen pencils to Gwendolyn. Wesley handed three pencils over to Rosalind. Joaquin sent 5 pencils to Desmond. Nadia donated 1 pencil to Desmond. Desmond transferred 5 pencils to Joaquin. Rosalind passed 2 pencils to Gwendolyn. At timestep 14, Theodora gave 3 pencils to Anika. At timestep 8, Jamal dropped three pencils into Arjun's bag. At timestep 12, Lorenzo sent three pencils to Bartholomew. Gwendolyn sent four pencils to Nadia. Nadia transferred 1 pencil to Wesley. At timestep 9, Yusuf dropped three pencils into Jamal's bag. Jamal let Beatrix have two pencils. Jamal sent 1 pencil to Arjun. Quentin passed one pencil to Yusuf. Arjun gave six pencils to Beatrix. At timestep 15, Anika dropped 2 pencils into Theodora's bag. Theodora handed one pencil over to Anika. At timestep 13, Desmond let Bartholomew have one pencil. Wesley passed 1 pencil to Mateo. Mateo sent one pencil to Joaquin. Lorenzo passed three pencils to Kavitha. Gwendolyn transferred seventeen pencils to Joaquin. Kavitha handed 2 pencils over to Lorenzo. Lorenzo handed 2 pencils over to Wesley. Nadia gave 1 pencil to Desmond. Nadia passed 1 pencil to Desmond. Kavitha let Mateo have one pencil. At timestep 14, Rosalind sent one pencil to Wesley. Mateo let Joaquin have 1 pencil. Wesley dropped 1 pencil into Bartholomew's bag. Gwendolyn dropped 2 pencils into Mateo's bag. Wesley gave two pencils to Joaquin. Nadia dropped one pencil into Mateo's bag. Rosalind gave one pencil to Lorenzo. At timestep 10, Arjun transferred 1 pencil to Quentin. Yusuf donated eighteen pencils to Quentin. Quentin dropped 16 pencils into Beatrix's bag. Quentin sent two pencils to Arjun. At timestep 11, Ximena transferred five pencils to Clementine. Clementine donated one pencil to Valentina. Isadora dropped 3 pencils into Clementine's bag. Clementine gave four pencils to Valentina. At timestep 16, Anika gave five pencils to Theodora. At timestep 11, Beatrix transferred ten pencils to Yusuf. Quentin passed 1 pencil to Beatrix. Yusuf handed three pencils over to Arjun. Yusuf sent 5 pencils to Arjun. Arjun passed 5 pencils to Quentin. At timestep 15, Joaquin gave 4 pencils to Lorenzo. Joaquin donated 17 pencils to Nadia. Bartholomew sent 3 pencils to Gwendolyn. Nadia transferred fifteen pencils to Wesley. At timestep 16, Desmond handed 2 pencils over to Rosalind. Gwendolyn sent 1 pencil to Rosalind. Mateo sent 1 pencil to Nadia. Gwendolyn donated two pencils to Rosalind. Wesley passed 12 pencils to Mateo. At timestep 12, Isadora gave 2 pencils to Clementine. Isadora transferred 1 pencil to Gustavo. Valentina sent 11 pencils to Ingrid. Ingrid let Ximena have seven pencils. Gustavo passed 2 pencils to Ximena. At timestep 12, Quentin sent two pencils to Arjun. At timestep 17, Theodora handed 7 pencils over to Anika. At timestep 13, Yusuf donated 4 pencils to Arjun. Yusuf gave 1 pencil to Beatrix. Beatrix gave 6 pencils to Arjun. At timestep 18, Anika handed 7 pencils over to Theodora. At timestep 13, Clementine gave two pencils to Gustavo. Gustavo dropped 3 pencils into Clementine's bag. Ingrid donated 3 pencils to Gustavo. Ingrid transferred one pencil to Ximena. Ximena passed 12 pencils to Valentina. Clementine donated 6 pencils to Ingrid. At timestep 19, Theodora transferred eight pencils to Anika. Anika let Theodora have 7 pencils. At timestep 20, Theodora passed three pencils to Anika. At timestep 14, Gustavo let Isadora have two pencils. At timestep 14, Quentin sent 1 pencil to Jamal. At timestep 15, Quentin let Arjun have two pencils. Jamal transferred one pencil to Arjun. Arjun handed three pencils over to Quentin. Arjun dropped ten pencils into Quentin's bag. At timestep 15, Valentina let Ximena have eight pencils. Gustavo passed 1 pencil to Valentina. Valentina donated two pencils to Isadora. Ximena gave 1 pencil to Clementine. Valentina transferred 1 pencil to Ingrid. At timestep 17, Joaquin dropped two pencils into Wesley's bag. Mateo dropped 1 pencil into Kavitha's bag. Nadia let Mateo have 1 pencil. Lorenzo donated 1 pencil to Bartholomew. Wesley gave 3 pencils to Desmond. Desmond sent 2 pencils to Lorenzo. Lorenzo let Mateo have six pencils. Mateo transferred eighteen pencils to Bartholomew. At timestep 16, Ingrid sent two pencils to Valentina. Valentina passed 4 pencils to Ingrid. Clementine dropped one pencil into Gustavo's bag. Gustavo dropped 1 pencil into Isadora's bag. At timestep 16, Beatrix dropped thirteen pencils into Arjun's bag. Beatrix dropped two pencils into Quentin's bag. At timestep 17, Quentin handed ten pencils over to Beatrix. Quentin transferred 3 pencils to Beatrix. Arjun passed two pencils to Jamal. Quentin sent 1 pencil to Jamal. At timestep 17, Ingrid transferred 4 pencils to Isadora. Isadora transferred four pencils to Gustavo. Ingrid handed two pencils over to Clementine. Ximena let Gustavo have 11 pencils. Ximena transferred one pencil to Gustavo. At timestep 18, Rosalind sent 5 pencils to Desmond. Wesley let Desmond have 1 pencil. Desmond dropped five pencils into Mateo's bag. At timestep 19, Mateo sent seven pencils to Wesley. Desmond dropped four pencils into Lorenzo's bag. Kavitha gave 1 pencil to Lorenzo. Joaquin sent 4 pencils to Wesley. Bartholomew let Mateo have one pencil. Mateo let Kavitha have 1 pencil. At timestep 21, Theodora donated three pencils to Anika. Theodora transferred 1 pencil to Anika. At timestep 22, Anika gave four pencils to Theodora. At timestep 18, Beatrix donated eleven pencils to Quentin. Quentin transferred 2 pencils to Arjun. At timestep 23, Theodora donated one pencil to Anika. Anika dropped two pencils into Theodora's bag. At timestep 20, Kavitha sent 1 pencil to Mateo. Lorenzo passed 4 pencils to Rosalind. Joaquin handed 3 pencils over to Gwendolyn. Mateo donated 1 pencil to Gwendolyn. Gwendolyn let Mateo have two pencils. At timestep 24, Anika dropped 2 pencils into Theodora's bag. At timestep 19, Quentin sent nine pencils to Beatrix. Jamal gave 3 pencils to Beatrix. Beatrix transferred 6 pencils to Jamal. At timestep 18, Ingrid transferred 2 pencils to Isadora. At timestep 19, Gustavo gave 6 pencils to Ingrid. Isadora passed 6 pencils to Valentina. At timestep 20, Gustavo sent four pencils to Ximena. At timestep 21, Valentina gave 5 pencils to Ingrid. Isadora let Gustavo have one pencil. Ximena gave one pencil to Gustavo. Valentina donated 1 pencil to Ximena. At timestep 22, Ingrid let Clementine have seven pencils. Ximena transferred 1 pencil to Clementine. Clementine sent eight pencils to Ingrid. Gustavo let Clementine have 3 pencils. Ximena gave 3 pencils to Isadora. Isadora let Valentina have three pencils. At timestep 21, Rosalind let Desmond have 3 pencils. Lorenzo donated 1 pencil to Rosalind. Wesley dropped 9 pencils into Gwendolyn's bag. Bartholomew handed 18 pencils over to Wesley. Nadia donated 2 pencils to Desmond. Desmond let Bartholomew have 6 pencils. Wesley gave twelve pencils to Bartholomew. At timestep 20, Beatrix passed four pencils to Jamal. Arjun dropped five pencils into Quentin's bag. Beatrix passed one pencil to Arjun. At timestep 23, Ingrid gave 9 pencils to Isadora. Clementine handed 3 pencils over to Isadora. At timestep 22, Wesley handed 2 pencils over to Bartholomew. Rosalind gave 2 pencils to Wesley. Gwendolyn transferred six pencils to Rosalind. Gwendolyn gave two pencils to Bartholomew. At timestep 25, Theodora donated 3 pencils to Anika. Anika let Theodora have two pencils. At timestep 23, Mateo sent two pencils to Desmond. Bartholomew dropped 24 pencils into Desmond's bag. Gwendolyn handed three pencils over to Mateo. Mateo donated 2 pencils to Desmond. Wesley let Kavitha have nine pencils. Rosalind sent 5 pencils to Nadia. At timestep 21, Jamal handed 3 pencils over to Yusuf. Beatrix let Quentin have three pencils. Quentin dropped 1 pencil into Jamal's bag. Quentin dropped one pencil into Arjun's bag. At timestep 22, Arjun transferred 5 pencils to Yusuf. At timestep 24, Ingrid passed one pencil to Ximena. Clementine handed 2 pencils over to Gustavo. Ximena transferred 1 pencil to Gustavo. At timestep 24, Desmond transferred two pencils to Lorenzo. Desmond handed two pencils over to Joaquin. Mateo dropped 1 pencil into Wesley's bag. Wesley let Joaquin have 1 pencil. Nadia dropped 1 pencil into Mateo's bag. Joaquin passed 2 pencils to Bartholomew. Joaquin passed 1 pencil to Nadia. Nadia sent one pencil to Wesley. At timestep 23, Jamal transferred 8 pencils to Quentin. Quentin transferred two pencils to Yusuf. Quentin let Yusuf have 11 pencils. Arjun donated eight pencils to Yusuf. Arjun gave 4 pencils to Jamal. At timestep 25, Rosalind let Kavitha have 1 pencil. Desmond donated 12 pencils to Kavitha. Nadia transferred 1 pencil to Gwendolyn. Nadia donated three pencils to Joaquin. At timestep 25, Ingrid passed two pencils to Isadora. Isadora handed fourteen pencils over to Valentina. Ingrid handed 1 pencil over to Clementine. At timestep 24, Yusuf sent 16 pencils to Arjun. At timestep 25, Arjun handed 7 pencils over to Quentin. Quentin gave two pencils to Beatrix. Jamal sent four pencils to Beatrix. Quentin transferred 2 pencils to Beatrix. Yusuf gave 4 pencils to Jamal.